Sister, don't you see what the occasion is?
So many people watching
You are so noisy
It's not just the Gu family's face that's lost
It is the face of the night market group
So they are sisters?
It's outrageous
Settle personal grudges here
elder sister
Come on, there are so many people watching
Gu Nuannuan, don't change the topic
If you are innocent
Why don't you dare let me finish?
Judges
I didn't plagiarize.
It was Gu Qingqing who was jealous of me
So he slandered me.
Leader, you said
A person's design
Style doesn't change easily
This is my high school design class
Who do you think their style is like?
Although these styles of Gu Nuannuan are childish
But his and Gu Nuannuan's previous works
And the style of this entry
Exactly the same.
Are you sure you read it right?
Little girl Linda won't take a fancy
If it weren't for the avoidance of suspicion
The lead judge of this competition must be Linda
I'm pretty sure.
But these works are designed by me